# CS340-Client-Server-Development
SNHU
1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python         module in the future?
    To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable it all starts at the beginning of the life of the code. Creating an initial structure of the code will ensure it is built properly this is usually done with a pseudocode or flowchart. This will also help ensure every step was met before running the code.      The next step to ensure the code meets those requirements is by adding good notes that let readers know what each purpose of the code does which are inline comments. Next is to ensure the code is set up in a way were adding and editing portions of the code is possible. To ensure it is easily readable it is also             important to delete unnecessary lines and make proper updates and changes when necessary. In the project we created a CRUD python module which was created in a way where it meets those requirements if the information being read in the database is similar. Due to the CRUD module being simple yet effective it ensured         this can be reused and changed easily for diverse types of databases. This means that the CRUD module can be reused for many types of databases and may even be able to be edited in a way to use the CRUD functionality for diverse types of database structures not just MongoDB types. This can be  used in this way because      it was built in a way where it is maintainable, readable, and adaptable.
   
2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases    to meet other client requests?
     Approaching a problem in computer science can be done differently depending on what the issues are. Although important steps should be taken no matter what the issue is which will help assist in getting the problem solved. Some of the important steps to meet while fixing issues is first truly understand what the            issues is, next is to mark down what the issue, after that you can start brainstorming potential fixes to this problem, and lastly, complete trial and error fixes until you find the solution and then document the results so others can understand what happened and how it was fixed. This can be seen in this project           which differ from other classes in how this was the first class where multiple files depended on each other to work and if they did not work there was not as much assistance in how to fix it as there would have been in a single IDE. This meant that it was crucial to follow the above steps to fix issues. Moving forward      when creating  databases for clients it is important to make sure proper notes and steps can be forgotten and most importantly ask questions or do quality research to fix the issue quickly and efficiently.
   
3.What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    Computer scientists have the capability to do a lot of different jobs when it comes to computers, which could include front-end, back-end, graphics, etc. but it is important to understand all of them. This is so important due to us living in a while surrounded by technology and to make the technology work it takes          computer scientist to code the programs that ensure peoples can see images and information on their screen properly, while at the same time keeping them and their information safe. The work on this project helps companies work better by giving them a place where people can access information without having to call          which frees time up for other important tasks, it also helps to keep data quickly updatable as their inventory changes. Overall, programs like this help companies reduce time, improve information sharing, and overall ensures the job is done more efficiently.
